feat(portal): Spec renderer support list (#5569)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/catalog/apis.md

          tokenUrl: 'https://example.com/oauth/token'
```

#### Spec renderer feature support

The following table describes additional supported features of the spec renderer in {{site.dev_portal}}:

{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Feature
    key: feature
  - title: Details
    key: details
rows:

>   - feature: Try it! console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - feature: |
      **Try it!** console
```
I think this should work in the feature table?

    details: |
      * Developers can click **Open in Insomnia** for any operation. This is enabled by default and can be separately hidden from the in-browser console.
      * Supports multiple servers.
      * Supports custom server URLs.
  - feature: Code samples
    details: |

>       * Autogenerates request snippets in eight languages: Shell (cURL), Python, Node, JavaScript, Go, Java, C#, and Ruby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Autogenerates request snippets in eight languages: Shell (cURL), Python, Node, JavaScript, Go, Java, C#, and Ruby.
```

      * Custom code examples aren't supported.
  - feature: Endpoints and operations
    details: |
      * Per-operation deep links. You can copy link anchors to share a direct URL to an operation.
      * Tag-based grouping of operations and tag/attribute filtering of APIs in the {{site.dev_portal}} sidebar.
      * Specify internal endpoints (with `x-internal`) with an option to hide them from the rendered docs.
      * Badges for deprecated endpoints with an option to hide deprecated operations.
      * Multiple named request/response examples (renders the OpenAPI `examples` object).
  - feature: Schema and model rendering
    details: |
      * Dedicated schemas/models section that can be hidden.
      * Expandable nested schemas with a configurable default expansion depth.
      * Constraint display: `enum` (shown as badges), `pattern`, min/max, lengths, `multipleOf`, `default`, `additionalProperties`, and array item types.
      * Schema composition (for example, `allOf`).
  - feature: Servers and security
    details: |
      * Developers can select servers from a list with support for server variables (templated server URLs).

>       * Security scheme rendering (such as, API key and OAuth2 flows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Security scheme rendering (for example, API key and OAuth2 flows).
```
for consistency, I'd rather use "for example"

  - feature: AsyncAPI
    details: |
      * Supports channels, operations, and messages/payloads.
      * Supports protocol bindings at the server, channel, operation, and message levels.
      * Supports Avro/multi-format schema payloads.
  - feature: Display and download
    details: |

>       * Developers can download specs from a button that supports YAML or JSON output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Developers can download specs using a button that supports YAML or JSON output.
```

>       * Collapsible sections. You can choose either previous and next navigation buttons or continuous scrolling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Collapsible sections. You can choose either **previous** and **next** navigation buttons or continuous scrolling.
```
